Chapter 1: 

 A commit is a database of changes. 
 A: false

  Which one of these is not a type of Version Control System? 
  A: Automatic

   How do version control systems help with collaboration? 
   A: They take care of confflict prevention and resolution



Chapter 2

 What options should we provide to git commit to visualize the place where all our current configuration parameters are stored? 
 A: --get --show-origin

  git init with no arguments will put the project’s database in the current folder. 
  A:  False

   Which one of these parameters is not mandatory for Git to work? 
   A: None of the Above


Chapter 3

  When you merge a branch called experiment into the branch main, what happens to the experiment branch? 
It suffers no changes at all.


 git checkout -b newbranch will fail if you already have a branch called newbranch in your repository.
 A: True

   Which one of these things doesn’t happen when you create a commit if your current branch is dev and its HEAD is pointing towards a1b2c3d4? 
The branch description for dev is updated to match the new commit message.


Chapter 4
What is the correct syntax for deleteing branch "bad-branch" on origin (the remote reposity)?
A: git push --delete origin bad-branch

 If a local branch is set to track a remote branch, once a commit is added to the local branch, it’s also added to the remote branch. 
 A: true

  Which of these things happens when you clone a repository? 
  A: All of the above

   Which one of these things doesn’t happen when you create a commit if your current branch is dev and its HEAD is pointing towards a1b2c3d4? 
   A: None of the above



Chapter 5

 What’s the default strategy for merging multiple branches with Git? 
 A: Octopuss

  What’s the difference between -Srecursive -Xours and -Sours? 
  A: Using ours with the recursive strategy will pick the current version of the changes where there are conflicts, while the “ours” strategy will just drop everything coming from the branches to be merged, be that a conflict or not.

 What commands can cause conflicts that you need to solve manually? 
 A: Merge, Pull, and Rebase


Chapter 6

 How many commits at a time can you change with git commit --amend? 
A: One - The last one

 How can you create a new empty commit using git cherry-pick? 
A: Using --keep-redundant-commits and applying a commit that makes no changes

 How many commits at a time can you revert with git revert? 
A: As many as you want

chapter 7

 What command should you use if you want to move one or more git-tracked files in your repository without altering the non-tracked ones? 
A: git mv

 What does git prune remove? 
 A: Detached commits that have expired

What happens if you run git clean on your repository? 
A: It raises an error

Chapter 8

What option shows only merges in the git log? 
A: merges

 Which one of the following options is invalid for --diff-filter? 
 A: MORTAL

 What’s the default algorithm used by git diff? 
 A: myers

chapter 9 
  Which users can use SSH URLs to clone repos from GitHub? 
  A: Users with push access to the repository

   What options are available for pull request merging by default? 
   A: merge, squash, and rebase

here do you need to put the yaml config files for GitHub to use them as CI configuration? 
A: In .github/workflows/